c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\AndroidApp.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\AndroidApp.pdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\AndroidApp.AndroidApp.apk
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\AndroidApp.AndroidApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\PCLProyect.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\PCLProyect.pdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\AndroidApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\AndroidApp.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\AndroidApp.pdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\AndroidApp.AndroidApp.apk
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\PCLProyect.dll.mdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\AndroidApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\AndroidApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\PCLProyect.dll.mdb
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\AndroidApp.dll.config
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\SALLab04.dll
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\PCLProyect.dll.config
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\shado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Lab04\AndroidApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
